Well then it's max hot I think I want to have a beer today
Asahi direct shot has here become the eyes drinking
It's Big It's Only Money Now It's Bigger 3x
School compared to our large large large large large Namanda
Painful diet big explosion
It was a hit
Say after Chochoi
I fast amazing and pour it on once had next time because Anomi opening is large Well also waiting have now
Be surprised
The sound of the Tan Katsura's
hear
It is today
Oh Yoshi found, Asahi direct shot
We will Wow
Hmmm
Oh
It does taste is not feeling that carbonate
It is Rikiru Rikirua di Well Well Well
It will have a little feeling is strong bitter taste but not bad
It is generally Surusuru incoming light seasoning in
There are many seasonings like this during this season, so if you like the taste so much that the taste is good
Carbonate is comfortable though it is not yeah
Was the Well then even good scoring but I feel that the carbonate and Nodogoshi are fine
Asahi direct shot test with 4 points in balance 15
It was a value price, but it was 141 yen among 350 ml entering
And my mixed up picture preference is 12 points and the total falls apart
Barn
62 reviews Ma Mama Mama or
It's over
Here aberration to this surely more comfortable I would Do carbonate Gane drank out that Nodogoshi
In I think that us beyond the
It is good there
I am creating a pv for a band called minor school
ー ー ー ー I told about one month last pv
It the over there because it is published early next month to finished
I will try to let you know here if I can do it again
No, I struggled with the composition
I made it with the video to be
Or let it Nde was interesting But you know synthesis also also carried out this time
Let it go
here we go
Summer is also hot
I will do my best to get over the forest I will get over the forest
see you
See you next time main Nectar e Baibai